Following our mentor meeting, while preparing for the next on Nov 1 @5:30PM, I began thinking about what material I wanted to present to the students and in which formats.  It was only then that I realized the enormity of my task and how ill suited I am to 'digital content creation'.  That may be a specialty of some team members who are ill suited to 'physical content creation'.  
I would like to build up a library of tutorials for the team with video and other tools.  Starting with basic "How to make stuff" content that can be presented each year without having to develop it from scratch.  Then each year as specific game requirements arise, add to the library describing the process for dealing with that situation.  I recall from previous years that Morgan and other students did a video documentary of sorts for Chairman's award.  I would like the opportunity to work with a current group of students with similar content creation skills, but lacking basic robot building skills.  The more inept, the better.  I want the perspective of someone completely new to the material we are presenting.
I am hoping there is some way this can be done in the workshop during school hours for maximum compatibility with my family centric schedule.  Perhaps the students can get some kind of credit as an independent study project, or part of existing classes.

I need at least 1 student experienced with CAD to generate 3D models, it would be good for this person to have good mechanical intuition and some building experience.  
On air talent.   Ambitious, interested in increasing his/her role in the team but not necessarily a leadership position. 
Toolmaker/Production Assistant. Someone with electronics and fabrication skills able and willing to create unique fixtures, and tools for the team.
Everyone else can be mechanically ignorant.
Someone that understands audio/video production
Someone that understands content creation and distribution for the web
Someone that understands document production, spreadsheets, presentation software like PowerPoint.

I believe this undertaking to be in line with the team mission statement preparing members for the workforce and is something we can do immediately and at any time regardless of robot build status.  I want to start on this ASAP so that we can be up and running prior to kickoff; at which point I will expect them to continue documenting on their own and training next year's crew while I transition off of this documentary team and onto the build team.

Thoughts on feasibility?  Any other mentors want to work on this?  School resources/related classes?  Comments?
