Generate white papers/video documentation for all researched topics.

Prior to kickoff each season, evaluate whether any historic whitepapers remain
private for strategic advantage, or public for chairmans award/goodwill.
Keep in mind once something is made public, it cannot be made private again.

In general, white papers will be private in the year they are generated
and public therafter.  Exceptions will be made for significant findings
that can improve the current game experience for many(public early), or 
minor findings that give us an advantage(maintain private).
 
Keep team record of these strategy decisions for posterity.

Designs for mechanisms, software, and prototypes are different than white papers.
At some point prior to kickoff, strategy team should identify and gather copies
of all CAD designs/software/written plans/built prototypes currently 
being generated and publish them on public team GitHub so that they may legally
 be used for current game season.  Make sure team understands the game rule.

Find source for gears and gear racks to mate with throttle motor.
CAD mounting/wiring/gear interface.
3D print linear actuator with gear rack & igus rod
https://firstchoicebyandymark.com/fc18-030
It is a high quality motor, seldom used, unlimited number permitted.
unique face mount has advantages for stiffness.
recommended for precision aiming systems, stewart platform.
Motor Body Length: 2.5 inches
Output Gear size: 12 tooth gear, 0.75 module, 20 degree pressure angle
Mounting Holes: Three (3) holes (0.185 inch diameter)
Electrical Connection Geometry: 0.15" wide spade connectors (2)

Identify central location in shop where robot will be built.
Identify best orientation for robot cart and build fixtures on floor
to locate wheels.  Level work surface so that bubble levels may be used.


Preseason and post season each year:
Inventory tools team owns.  Note if in need of replacement, reconditioning.
Inventory major assemblies team owns. (i.e. 4 swerve and steer modules)
Inventory borrowed tools and parts 
w/promised return date, current location, borrowing team member, and lender contact.
Inventory loaned tools and parts
w/expected return date, last known location, lending team member, and borrower contact.
Stock Andymark C channel
Stock Andymark peanut extrusion
Stock VEXPro 1x2 
Identify tools that we can use, acquire, borrow, or rent time on.
Lathe
Mill
5C collet set(hex and square) for 1/2" hex and round shafting
1/2" E-clip shaft groover.

Choose primary fastener size and acquire quality tools for it. 
Choose among 6-32, 8-32, 10-24, 10-32, 1/4-20
Recommend 10-32 this year, plus tap for 10-24.  
Choose other sizes subsequent years to fill out set and spread investment.
Keep these together as a set, independent of other drills/taps/etc.  
Always replace broken/missing parts in this set.
counter bore
pilot drill
pilot reamer
locator pins for pilot reamer
clearance drill
tap drill
plug tap
bottoming tap
cutting oil
Tap/Die set for primary fastener.

research lifting structures
overhead cable stayed crane
sliding or rotating arm counterweight 
Research ways to make scissor lift stable.
cable stays pay out on winch driven by lift motor
enclosed inside telescoping sections
2 scissor sections rotated 90 degreees sharing comon pivots
scissor arms with 90 degree bends so that each section is rotated 90 degrees from previous
find geometry that works

research effects of tall structures on driving
how to detect and compensate for temporary loss of traction in driving software


Obtain CUI encoders and learn how to use them.
Build: mounting, wiring
Software: Velocity, absolute position single/multiple revolutions

Construct replica of field driver station platform
on casters, docks and rolls with robot cart.

Wiring: create collection of test harneses kept on driver station 
mounted roboRio for testing/data acquisition





